Hello, and welcome to this preliminary briefing on the Ant Eater Initiative. Any questions should be directed to the Ant Eater representative currently with you, and will be taken after the briefing.

As you are all currently aware, in recent months the complexity and usage of neural networks, for purposes such as language models and image generation, has increased exponentially.

This presents a unique new threat to human kind, one that the Ant Eater Initiative has been specifically designed to combat. Of course, not all of you here are cleared to know the details of this new enemy, however the information provided in this briefing is only what is necessary for you to hear.

It is of utmost importance that control over the internet and digital devices remains fully within human hands. The issue presented however, is that a digital enemy - through the use of particular technologies - could potentially attain capabilities that would far exceed anyone else, and furthermore, utilise such technologies in a manner such that they are almost undetectable.

As such, the Ant Eater Initiative has been founded with one goal in mind: to act as an impenetrable stronghold against threats of such a nature. 

Ant Eater facilities will be fully isolated from external infrastructure, and utilise primarily analogue and early digital technologies only where necessary. This is to make it impossible for an advanced digital enemy to access the facility in any capacity. Additionally, devices within the facility will not be networked, such that if the facility somehow were to be breached, the potential pathogen would be unable to spread.